hello girlfriends and welcome back to
another episode of tried and tested okay
a while ago I did an episode of instant
results claims testing products that
claim to have immediate effects today
I'm testing out some products that came
share some interesting results over a
certain amount of time in the pink
corner we have the celebrities choice
inch loss shower scrub I supposed to
slim you half an inch in seven days on
your arms your tummy your thighs and
your leg okay let's see what's in the
box there is this too and it is pink
inside as well
look at all smaller orange it's supposed
to have capsicum ginger ginseng
pineapple essence caffeine so if you're
supposed to move it in small circular
motion on your arm eyelid it anyway it
also comes with a measuring tape this
also does half an inch in seven days so
by the end of 28 days should be at least
an inch I'm gonna measure myself now and
we'll check back okay I'm very skeptical
of claims like these so I'm gonna be as
accurate as possible because it's very
easy to think you've lost half an inch
by just measuring slightly up or
slightly down right you see I mean so
I'm gonna do 10 inches up from the
center of my kneecap and I will go
around
so right now my thigh is that 9.2 inches
so I'm going to check back and let you
know if this scrub really works a lot of
people want longer thicker fuller
eyelashes right and a lot of eyelash
years out there they claim to do that
the try anticipation had a whole bunch
and apparently this 14:1 gives the most
dramatic results so I'm going to test
this out every night and see if this
vessel me because I'll slide let's have
a look at what's inside okay so
basically it just lets a mascara along
so I'm gonna try it I'll show you you
apply as you want mascara so we start on
the base and we go your way up so you
probably want to apply this at night
because it's slightly um society just
kind of consistency and it's very a bit
thick and green so you can also apply
your lower lashes
you know agency very very short I left I
never like that
okay I'm going to be very disciplined
about this one because I really want
thick to pull the eyelashes I will
report back and let you scar and stretch
out removal now I have a lot of scars on
my legs and this is something that I've
always wanted to fix so I went to the
shop and the lady said that this is the
number one selling scar removal brand in
Singapore this is supposed to remove
scars stretch marks and even skin tone
aging skin dehydrated skin all of that
stuff is won lots of beauty awards so I
am going to be diligent and I'm going to
put this on every day and get rid of all
of this so as the woman how long this
would take to work and she was like two
weeks to a month maybe the differs for
different people and how scary you are
okay let's have a look at what's inside
smells a little bit different from
regular dry oil so I'll apply this every
day and scars scars go I have here with
me the Olay Regenerist wrinkle relaxing
cream if this looks familiar it's
because it is we tried it out on our
instant results and pisode berry what
they also have a 14-day challenge so we
are going to put this to the test so if
you don't watch the other episode here's
how it looks it's a kind of like a
stockier
kind of consistency so I realized that
you really need very little so I'm just
gonna tattoo on both sides and apply I
took a picture so this is what my eyes
look like now we'll come back and I'll
let you know I feel like after a while
of using this product
all right so I basically used up the
whole of this cube and what's
interesting every time I shower only my
right wait what single sort of it
strange
so anyway time to see whether it has
worked the last time I measured it I
started ten inches from my medium bowl
all the way up and then around and I
measured in nine point two inches around
it's like my table okay it's nine point
three so that mean that won't we
you know what mean what discount
products is I am not sure whether they
actually work and also this is thing
called the placebo effect so it could be
that and then you think that you're
doing this crowd they're happy to stay
so you're not you thinking more I don't
like it's very much a mental thing of
course I do not blame this crap on you
three are we but then I'm just saying
that I'm not sure it just was because
you can't really tell whether it's cause
your diet change whether it's cause you
started exercising walking more thinking
healthy which is why you lost me or
whether because a scrap like this
happening to see how would I read this
product recent hmm cause maybe
exfoliates that's one good thing
exfoliating is good for you okay so this
is the Olay Regenerist wrinkle relaxing
cream um I tried this other instant
results pains episode and it was really
good they're like you can really see
that cover the wrinkles in like ten
minutes
but I used this for about a week when I
started to realize that I was starting
to get small dots around my eyes so I
think that this was a little bit too
strong for my skin so I stopped so that
means unfortunately that I cannot read
alright I've been using this for about
three weeks now and I'm convinced I can
see a difference but is not obvious in
the before and after photos so TV it's
just all in my head
but there's some people that trying to
test it Timur tried this for about two
to three months and it was then they
said it is so different so maybe I just
got to pet it so you know I'm gonna do
I'm gonna keep that it and I'll update
you on my Instagram so you can follow me
there to find out
for everything I guess would have to be
in fairness pending with high hopes
all right I've used almost more than
half of this bottle and if you look at
my legs I think the condition has
improved quite a bit like um of course
I'm here scars and but I think like the
old scars especially like if you see
this map if you compare it in the photo
this class has licensed quite a lot
considering the amount of time that I've
been using it and the overall condition
of a lake has just improved and very
suitable for that I don't make this a 9
out of 10 - kanpai
so in half out of 10 because the results
are great but I'm not the kind of the
smell it's kind of like this was an oil
but like they're not very nice oil and
it takes about getting used to so if it
really bugs you it's gonna be hard to
use this alright we've come to the end
of the episode thank you for joining me
I hope you found it useful and maybe
it's not something you want to try out
so if you want to find out more about
the progress where to get them from how
much they cost
go talk feature products album on a
Facebook page everything is there and if
you have a product that you wanted to
try it over the long term let us know in
the comment box down below go be
beautiful
you